# Description 
This is a rail booking system used for reservations of seats and check the available trains between two stations. This system uses a similar kind of approach and application as the present available booking sites with feature of selecting the seats within the available ones.
# Requirements
This will be able to distinguish between the high level requirements and low level requirements and able to link between the processes.
## High level requirements
Features: 
* Database 
* Inputs
* Payment 

## Low level requirements
How each feature is implemented, Linking between high level and low level requirements
* The portal should list down the different cities where the stations are located i.e the database
* Able to take input from the user of source and destination, available trains with departure timings, date of the journey
* Receive information of the passengers numbers, age, gender, names etc.
* Able to select class (AC/Sleeper) and sub class
* Seat selection according to comfort of passenger according to the seat matrix available
* Select payment methods and revert back to the browser with final ticket and show final ticket generated by the information received by the passenger

## 4W 1H
Who, What, When, Where and How?
* Who: This is application is for the ease of the people and reduce the long lines near reservation counters. This application is very user friendly and certainly made robust.
* What: Basically this is a ticket reservations for trains. The data connected to the trains are stored in the server and through that server we will take information and   display to the user according to his/her travel plans. They can also book tickets according to their convinience and pay the price securely.
* When: The use of this application can be made anywhere like mobile apps if developed to its fullest.
* Where: The use can be on any web browser, as a mobile application, or any other suitable means.
* How: With proper work flow and data collection, combining with the management of official railways systems this project can be implemented and evolved for many suitable   applications.

## SWOT Analysis
* Strength: By making this application you are not only making the world digital but also making the world smarter. Advantages of Unreserved Ticketing System App:
❖ Reduced queue length
❖ Enable advance planning of unreserved journey also.
❖ Reduced crowds at booking offices and stations, making ticket purchase more comfortable.
❖ Allow Indian Railways to plan extra trains and coaches as per trend of sales registered in the system.
❖ Unreserved itinerary planning possible, tickets available from any station to any station. 
* Weakness: Some of the disadvantages are:
Your personal data which you fill during reservation, can be stole by hackers.
You need fast internet access.
Many travel sites shows low prices to attract customers.
* Opportunuties: Many oppotunities are present to make the things easier, safer, robust. If all things are taken care then there is a huge growth of these kinds of applications in the near future.
* Threat: Your personal data may be at risk sometimes. Misuse of personal data may lead to attacks to the application and inturn to the system.
